docs: Add libFuzzer Implementation Documents (#38)
fuzzuf/fuzzuf: docs/algorithms/libfuzzer/algorithm_en.md

There are two types of behavior of `update_distribution()`, vanilla scheduling and entropic scheduling, and the libFuzzer implementation of fuzzuf uses the former by default. In vanilla scheduling, libFuzzer uses a simple "select more recently found items with higher probability" policy. On the other hand, entropic scheduling evaluates the results of the seed runs and updates the probability distribution `dist` so that the results with higher evaluation are more likely to be selected in the next `select_seed()`. The evaluation value of the result of this seed run used in entropic scheduling is called energy, and the fuzzer calculates it while collecting features with `collect_features()` in the following terms:

* The number of "rare" features found.
* The number of mutations performed from the initial seed to this input value.
* How deviated from the average execution time is.

In entropic scheduling, libFuzzer selects the seed according to the following policy by using energy:

> * Focus on the input that produced the most unusual features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Focus on the input that produced the most "rare" features
```
I believe there is no reason to paraphrase the word `rare` although the original Japanese document has omitted key brackets for `珍しい` (may confuse the readers)

Author: ```suggestion
* Focus on the input that produced the rarest features
```
